
Neopets Shop Bot (Or Autobuyer)
Coded by Machiavellian

I) ABOUT

   This is an autobuyer for the online game Neopets. If you're looking for this, you
   probably know what an autobuyer does. Everything was coded by me for me, but since I
   don't play Neopets anymore I decided to make it available to the public. Enjoy.

2) COMPUTER SETTINGS

   To get this program working you need to change a certain setting in Internet Explorer.
   Under Tools -> Internet Options... -> General -> Temporary Internet Files -> Settings
   -> Check for newer versions of stored pages, change from 'Automatically' (Default) to 
   'Every visit to the page'. Turning off images in Internet Explorer is also HIGHLY 
   recommended. (Google if you don't know how)

   If you recieve an error that states you are missing an OCX file (Such as TABCTL32.OCX) 
   when you run the program, Google the name of the file, download it, and place it into 
   your Windows\System32 folder.

3) RUNNING THE PROGRAM

   You must first be logged in to Neopets through Internet Explorer. Now in the Options
   tab, change the Shop ID to the shop you want to autobuy in. The appropriate filter list
   should load if there is one in the \Data folder. Now in Main, click Run to start auto-
   buying. Anything that matches the filter list will be bought automatically. You can also
   double-click an item in the list box to buy them.

4) OPTIONS

   Shop ID - The ID of the shop that the autobuyer checks for items
   Refresh Delay - Delay between each refresh
   Haggle % - Percent of the asking price to haggle for

   Reference Shop - The shop used to check if a restock is occuring (Food shop is the 
      default as it sells out quickly after a restock occurs)
   Check Interval - If are no items in the reference shop, it checks again after x seconds
   Refresh Interval - If there are items in the reference shop, it starts checking the Shop
      for items for x seconds
   Wait Interval - After the restock interval, it waits for x seconds

5) CONTACT

   Email - machiavelliansquared@yahoo.com